Title: Connecting by chance

This happened more than a decade ago, but I still think about it sometimes. The start of it is tragic, but it gets better.

When I was in college, I nearly died. I was supposed to die, actually. The hospital expected me to. But that wasn’t the worst of it. It wasn’t an injury that just physically heals and then you are done. I am proudly a survivor of traumatic brain injury, and anyone who knows anything about significant TBIs knows that they don’t just go away. I still deal with episodic things occasionally, even more than a decade later. And I was lucky.

The journey to get back to any semblance of normal is a story of its own. But the part I’ve been thinking about starts with the point where my family had to go inform the university that I would not be finishing my classes that term and why. I have no memory of this, and I didn’t know her particularly well at the time, but something in my damaged brain made me tell my family to specifically notify one professor in my department by name.

There was no logical reason for me to do that, but doing that changed everything.

They did as I asked. When they went to the campus to deal with the administrative issues, they stopped by this professor’s laboratory. Knocked on her door. Asked if she remembered who I was. And told her what happened.

She stepped up.

When I was making arrangements to re-enroll, the professor offered me something precious: an internship for credits in her laboratory. What this allowed me to do was take fewer classes my first term back and still qualify for campus housing. There were a lot of unknowns with my coming back, and being able to take it slow and not have a commute that first term? It helped in ways I don’t know if I can fully articulate. But that was the least of it.

The more important thing that the professor did was remember that one of her graduate students had also survived a TBI. And she put us in touch. This grad student also stepped up. She made sure that she was there during all my lab hours in my first term back. And my second. Having someone there who really understood, who could advocate for me with the professor and other students if I needed it? Absolutely invaluable. If I was struggling, they respected her authority, because they knew that she knew what I was going through better than any of them did. And she never failed to be my advocate when I needed it most.

Almost more important than that though was that this grad student opened up to me. There were days where she and I would stay after everyone else left. She would find ways to keep busy by cleaning the lab, but really, we just talked. My story. Her story. Recovery. Aftermath. What it’s like to be someone with this type of rare experience in a world that doesn’t understand. The kinds of things that you just don’t share with everyone else during an average work shift, but that we had common ground on because we were both survivors. Those long talks, knowing I wasn‘t alone…I cannot express how valuable those long afternoons were to me.

I managed to graduate. On time, even, though I did have to hustle through some summer coursework to make that happen. To this day though, I fully believe that I would not have graduated at all without those two. And it all happened because something in my damaged brain made me tell my family to talk to a random professor.
