Title: I just had a crazy "ai-generated" dream. Anybody else ever have something like this?

The dream took place in some generic neighborhood

Like a dreambox, or choose your own dream, and each house and door that opened was its own AI dream experience, as were neighbors and any other interaction was AI asides from my gf and I knew each interaction was AI in the dream too. And I knew my gf was my gf in my dream and she was the only normal one. We sleep next to eachother as well.

I could run into random interactions in this neighborhood, all AI generated. I felt like I had a choice on my interactions but I'm not sure, I definitely didn't at the end!

It started with me being invited into a surprise party for myself at one of these houses. I knew it was AI immediately, enjoyed myself right after. I knew it was AI in my dream because I walked into the surprise party and the party guests stared at me for a solid 3 seconds with smiles as it was like the simulation was catching up and I had entered the house too early. After 3 seconds they all said surprise and it was a normal party, and even kinda fun.

I snap back into the neighborhood and get invited in by some girl to smoke zaza and it was a good time.

I snap back to me walking back to my car in the neighboorhood, and some van next to me has British people preparing to get out of their van with their grandma. It was like they had come to this neighborhood as tourists. After observing them for a moment and looking back to my parked car, my car had disappeared.

Then I snapped back to the neighborhood again and I drive by this construction worker and he commented on something about my right front tire. Idk what he said, it was silent when he spoke but he must have seen something wrong with the tire or wanted me to engage his little dream interaction.

Then I snapped back to my real life reality in my own bed but it was still a dream and I was late to work at 11am. and my boss had texted or called to check on me since I was late.

Then I snapped back into another house with some neighbors in the dream portal AI neighborhood. Some old dad neighbor offered my gf and I some weed, he was cool, and I made sure my gf was good. This might've even been back at the party from earlier.

I then walked down the neighborhood, and went to the "downstairs" of the neighborhood. I looked for another "AI dream portal" and came upon some dark and ominous door. Without choosing to open it, the door slowly opened while I stared at it. A long dark arm that looked like a terrifying tree branch scratched the door slowly from within the room as it opened, revealing a sinister darkness and then it immediately closed and I woke up into another AI portal where I was physically constrained in a bodily vacuum seal with wires and pipes fit inside to allow my breathing, and even had an "AI dream worker" helping me hold a soda, despite that being in a fixed position within the vacuum seal position I was fixed to. The area around me was like a dark lab. It was kind of like the matrix when Neo wakes up in retrospect.

I woke up, nonstop goosebumps and hairs on my neck. Idk know what to think 😂 Really weirded me out and I can't stop getting chills. It was like that presence was with me so I touched my gf to calm myself in real life here at 5am haha. It helped. Almost like it let me channel out that bad juju with my peace and love for her. What a start to a Monday! I've never had a dream more real or that seemed so "guided" and just so damn ODD!

For additional context, the chills and hair on my neck after the dream was really weird too. Especialy since we both have a theory there's an occasional spiritual presence near our closet/bathroom that causes the same goosebumps for me every now and then. It never feels like a bad presence, just like someone maybe died in there and minds their business in their little spiritual corner. Incense and cleaning helps it go away. Just such a crazy dream I had to immediately write it down and share it.

I just knew within me that the interactions in the dream were fake or AI generated. Nobody explictly told me this in the dream but I just fucking know it. I knew it right from the get-go.

Any similar stories or experiences?
