Title: I'm hallucinating the man in my dreams.

I made images that basically sum up my experience. It's a normal day, you're getting the mail. And then you look around , and he's there. You go inside, You forget something outside and have to go back, Each time he's closer. None of these photos are mine except the drawing of the man of which I made. Sometimes the clothing on the silhouette is different but it's normally pants or a suit.

I keep having these dreams that are kind of weird to me. I'm given a mundane task, like fill the dogs bowl or do something outside, for some reason it's always outside. And there's this black figure in the distance that gets closer and closer every time I go back outside or look outside. It's never in the same house that the dream takes place in too. It's a childhood home or an old friend's home usually. In this dreams , there's this black figure that I always assumed to be a bald man, Sometimes he has eyes , sometimes he doesn't , but most of the time he doesn't. I'll usually doing a task and I forget something within the task and have to go back outside of which, every single time I go outside the man's closer and closer and closer. Usually the dream ends where i'm standing on the inside of the glass door and the man's pressed up against the outside of it , and there's always a glass door for some reason. One of those old glass sliding doors that I had in my childhood home growing up that I vividly remember. Sometimes , the man's wearing a fedora like hat , but most of the time he's nothing. He's just a bald figure that's all black, like a drawing inside of real life.He doesn't walk he's stands. Every time I'll look back at him, he's a couple more feet closer. It's like one of those statues that moves closer when you're not looking. I've had these dreams where it's almost normal tasks like day to day things , but there's always a house with a glass door and there's always this man and he's always getting closer and closer until the dream ends where he's as close as he can get. Sometimes it's a house I don't even recognize with a weird looking backyard with an open gate and I'll see him down in the neighborhood and he goes through the gate and eventually he's in the backyard And then he's pressed up against the door again. Looking at me without eyes, but I know he's looking. I can feel it. I can usually hear his breath in the dreams, getting closer and closer. It's heavier each time. Sometimes it's like I get this feeling to open the door, Whenever he's pressed up against it.It's like I have this urge to open it , but there's always something deep inside me in the dreams that keep me from ever going near the door. Sometimes I'll wake up, but other times the dreams continue, This figure will try and open the door but it can't for some reason. It can't figure out how to grasp the handle and pull the door or when it does figure out how to grasp the handle of the door doesn't budge. Sometimes it gets angry and starts pounding on the glass, usually I'd wake up by this point. After these dreams started , I started seeing this figure in the corner of my room or in my eyesight , and when I would look , it was gone. At first I thought it was one of my normal hallucinations , as I do tend to have some hallucinations. Lately i've grown to notice them more, He's always just standing there , never moving in the hallucinations , and I haven't had a dream since these started , except for a couple of different instances. The weirdest part about it? I normally don't dream, Like at all, it's usually just a blank slate, and then I wake up like a really long blink. Sometimes I'll have dreams where it's something that happens in real life that I'll dream beforehand and I don't remember until it really happens and I get the déjà Vu and then the flashbacks, and then I remember what's going to happen in real-time as is happening, because it happened in the dream. Or rarely , I'll have nightmares , but that doesn't really happen anymore, I wouldn't classify these dreams with this figure is nightmares, really , as they don't tend to scare me except for a deep unsettling , feeling , and like i'm being followed and watched. But they do disturb me deeply. Why is the same figure appearing in multiple dreams? Why do I hallucinate it sometimes? Has this happened or does this happen to anybody else? I'm not really afraid right now, But something in me wanted to ask on the internet about this , just to see if it's just me or i'm going crazy.
